{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23640\viewh15280\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How to use \
\
When the asset is installed, the Remiix menu will be created under the main Windows menu. \
\
	- Select \'93Window\'94 Menu ->\'94 Remiix\'94 -> \'93Obfuscator\'94 \
\
		Select obfuscation options and obfuscation will be automatically applied at build time. \
\
	- Select \'93Window\'94 Menu -> \'93Remiix\'94 -> \'93Language\'94 \
\
		Set a preferred program language. The obfuscation windows and debug logs will be changed to a selected language accordingly. \
\
Features \
\
	Remiix Obfuscator provides below features. \
\
		- Renaming \
\
			Renames the project\'92s class, function, field, method, event, property, and parameters. Meta data and reflection that can affect Unity function and execution flow are automatically excluded.\
\
		- Fake Method\
\
			Insert fake methods within code to make code analysis difficult. \
\
		- String Encryption \
\
			Encrypt strings within assembly code to protect sensitive information including server communications address and encryption key. \
\
Note\
\
	- Renaming \
	\
		Renaming can affect the program, and some errors can occur during the runtime. It requires exclusion of renaming and/or improvement of the asset to avoid potential errors. \
\
	- Fake Method\
\
		The file size can increase if a lot of fake methods are inserted within code. This may cause problems if the program\'92s code size is large. \
\
	- String Encryption\
\
		Please be advised to store any sensitive information on the server as encryption provides basic protection. \
\
Exclusions \
\
	Following the below instructions, \
\
	1. Copy  \'93/Assets/Editor/Remiix/Scripts/SkipAttribute.cs\'94  file to your script directory.\
\
	2. Insert the below code at the top of the source code file. \
\
		using Remiix.Skip;\
\
	3.  Add [Skip\'85] property above a class or method that needs to be excluded. \
\
		[SkipFakeMethod]\
		void Example()\{ ~ \}\
\
	At build time, it will be automatically excluded. \
\
	Property: \'93SkipRename\'94, \'93SkipFakeMethod\'94, \'93SkipStringEncryption\'94, \'93SkipAll\'94\
	Reference: Assets/Editor/Remiix/Script/Sample/SkipSample.cs\
\
Bug Reports\
\
In order to fix bugs, error logs as well as below information is required. \
\
	- Asset errors\
		User OS (e.g. Windows), Build platform (e.g. Android), Unity version (e.g. 2017.1.1f1)\
	\
	- Obfuscation build errors\
\
		Original program built in Mono (e.g. exe, apk), Applied obfuscation options (e.g. Renaming, Fake Method)\
\
	Please report via email with above information, and we\'92ll do our best to improve. \
\
Requests \
\
	If you have any questions or comments, please email us. \
\
Contact: help@seworks.co}